hello with you evgeny kartashov and
Monster photo site recently released new
adobe photoshop version
lightroom is now called adobe
photoshop lightroom si en n 2015 or
adobe photoshop lightroom 6 in what
the difference between these two versions by
functional, they are the same but the fact is
that lightroom 6 can be bought for 150
dollars and he but will always be yours if
do you use lightroom in the composition
clouds creative cloud
then it will be called lightroom cc 2015
and you have to pay every month
some amount for example if you
use the package for the photographer that is
this is photoshop + lightroom you need
will pay about 10 dollars or
for Russia the price is 300 rubles per month if
do you use the full package of creative
cloud then the cost of one and a half thousand will be
regardless of the amount used
programs that is you can use
all programs that are included in the package or
for example, some of them
naturally in the lightroom appeared
some innovations and in this lesson we
Let's start to get acquainted with them in this lesson
we will introduce the editing of masks
gradients i.e. appeared in the lightroom
ability to edit masks which
formed as a result of the application
gradient filter or radial
the gradient in the camera mouth is such an opportunity
appeared much earlier than in
lightroom and now the developers
already adjusted to this and lightroom and so
we have this photo
let us have it now fast
we will process that is for a start I include
lens correction profile like this
as you can see it removes
vignetting around the edges
Now I turn to the basic tab
slightly reducing the overall exposure
I set the cut-off in colors like this
I don't pay much attention to heaven
I draw there is no plot important
there is no information therefore in general to me
no matter what happens there
highlights removing a little bit of a minus like
see we have information in the sky
fully recovered a little bit
picking up the shadows setting the cutoff to
shadows
but you can still add a little exposure and
add contrast here we have
get a photo
now you can tweak a little balance
white
make it a little warmer like this
let's see before and after you see
the photo has become much better but
I would like to give more emphasis on
model simple vignette i do this
why not be able to because the vignette
it acts on the whole image here
see the blackout comes and on the model in
including
I don't need to do this
dimming everywhere except the model for this
I will use
radial gradient here it is for that
to go to it you need to click here
this icon
or shift key combination I choose
as you can see the exposure value here at
I'm set to -4
it is necessary for me to be perfect
clearly saw where the gradient goes
I stretch like this
I turn a little bit
I shift a little this way as you can see
here everything is good then do not climb but
still part of the impact falls on
the model we need from this exposure
get rid of how pay
note that right here on the right panel
Gradient Settings Appeared
brush is the brush with which we
can erase or add impact
given gradient
I choose to erase
gradient is exactly what i need to do i
hold down the alt key and brush over
Where do I need to clean
impact watch impact goes away
from the face here she doesn’t need me either
go over the edge erasing down
choosing here on the arm that's how you see
we edited the gradient mask
now I select the exposure value
that is, the value of the blackout that I
I need to think that this is the value
It would be sufficient as possible
was add exposure to the sky but i
I will not do this because the sky
here I need light enough for
ordering a better hairstyle
models from the background like this
way let's look now at
the result we blacked out some rear
plan and gave emphasis to the model and so
try to use new
a tool that appeared lightroom
creative cloud 2015 next lessons we
continue to get acquainted with the novelties
lightroom I say goodbye to you
Evgeny Kartashov and monster website